Fix link to p4runtime-shell and comment typo in p4src/main.p4 (#59)
opennetworkinglab/ngsdn-tutorial: EXERCISE-1.md

## 4. Program leaf1 using P4Runtime

> For this part we will use the [P4Runtime Shell](https://github.com/p4lang/p4runtime-shell), an interactive

Reviewer: This should be a reference-style link since the URL to the P4runtime Shell GitHub repo is defined at the end of this file as a Markdown reference. The issue here is the type of parentheses, it should be square, not round:
```suggestion
For this part we will use the [P4Runtime Shell][p4runtime-sh], an interactive
```
